README.md, before:

# Edge App - FTP File Explorer for SecureEdge Pro

This project demonstrates how to use an FTP server (for example, on a PLC) to browse and download files via a simple web interface hosted on the IXON SecureEdge Pro. The provided FTP server container is included for demonstration purposes; in production environments, you should use an external FTP server on the machine.

## Prerequisites

Ensure your environment is properly set up by following this guide: [Running custom Docker applications on the SecureEdge Pro](https://support.ixon.cloud/hc/en-us/articles/14231117531420-Running-custom-Docker-applications-on-the-SecureEdge-Pro).

## Local Development

docker-compose.yml is provided for local development.

## Application Overview

This application consists of two containers:

1. **FTP Server** (for demonstration purposes): A simple FTP server to simulate browsing and downloading files. In a production environment, this container is not required as you would use an external FTP server on the machine itself.
2. **FTP to HTTP Service**: A web service that connects to the FTP server and displays the files and directories through a web interface. Users can browse, view, and download files directly from the FTP server via the web interface.

## Steps to Deploy

### 1. Build and Push the Containers

Ensure you have the correct build environment configured:

For Unix-based systems:

```bash
./setup-buildx-env.sh
```

For Windows:

```cmd
setup-buildx-env.cmd
```

Run the script to build and push the FTP File Explorer containers to the SecureEdge Pro:

For Unix-based systems:

```bash
./build_and_push_containers.sh
```

For Windows:

```cmd
build_and_push_containers.cmd
```

### 2. Set Up the Containers on SecureEdge Pro

- Access the local web interface of the SecureEdge Pro.

#### FTP Server (for demonstration purposes)

- Create an `ftp-server` container using the `ftp-server` image with the following port mappings:

  ```
  Port Mapping: 20-21:20-21/tcp, 40000-40009:40000-40009/tcp
  ```

- This container is only needed for demonstration purposes. In production, use the FTP server on the machine.

- Start the container.

- Refer to the screenshot for configuration details:  
  ![Create Container](ftp-server/create_container.png)

#### FTP to HTTP Service

- Create an `ftp-to-http-service` container using the `ftp-to-http-service` image with the following port mapping:

  ```
  Port Mapping: 5090:5090/tcp
  ```

- Overwrite the default environment variables, for security overwrite at least:

  ```
  FTP_PASSWORD
  ```

- Start the container.

- Refer to the screenshot for configuration details:  
  ![Create Container](ftp-to-http-service/create_container.png)

### 4. Access the FTP File Explorer

- In IXON Cloud, create an HTTP Web Server to easily access the FTP File Explorer on the SecureEdge Pro.

- Refer to the screenshot for configuration details:  
  ![HTTP Server](ixon_cloud_settings/http_server_ftp_file_explorer.png)

### 5. Browsing and Downloading Files

- You can now access the FTP File Explorer on the SecureEdge Pro via the HTTP Web Server you created in IXON Cloud.

- The FTP File Explorer provides a simple web interface to browse the files and directories on the FTP server. Users can click on any file to download it directly to their local machine.

Commit message:

Edited README.md to include the necessary steps to change the IP address in the necessary files

README.md, after:

# Edge App - FTP File Explorer for SecureEdge Pro

This project demonstrates how to use an FTP server (for example, on a PLC) to browse and download files via a simple web interface hosted on the IXON SecureEdge Pro. The provided FTP server container is included for demonstration purposes; in production environments, you should use an external FTP server on the machine.

## Local Development

docker-compose.yml is provided for local development.

## Application Overview

This application consists of two containers:

1. **FTP Server** (for demonstration purposes): A simple FTP server to simulate browsing and downloading files. In a production environment, this container is not required as you would use an external FTP server on the machine itself.
2. **FTP to HTTP Service**: A web service that connects to the FTP server and displays the files and directories through a web interface. Users can browse, view, and download files directly from the FTP server via the web interface.

## Steps to Deploy

### Prerequisites

Ensure your environment is properly set up by following this guide: [Running custom Docker applications on the SecureEdge Pro](https://support.ixon.cloud/hc/en-us/articles/14231117531420-Running-custom-Docker-applications-on-the-SecureEdge-Pro).

### 1. Download and adjust to your SecureEdge Pro

Download the code of this project and change the IP address in the following files to the LAN IP address of your SecureEge Pro:

- buildkitd-secure-edge-pro.toml
- build_and_push_containers.sh
- build_and_push_containers.cmd

### 2. Build and Push the Containers

Ensure you have the correct build environment configured:

For Unix-based systems:

```bash
./setup-buildx-env.sh
```

For Windows:

```cmd
setup-buildx-env.cmd
```

Run the script to build and push the FTP File Explorer containers to the SecureEdge Pro:

For Unix-based systems:

```bash
./build_and_push_containers.sh
```

For Windows:

```cmd
build_and_push_containers.cmd
```

### 3. Set Up the Containers on SecureEdge Pro

- Access the local web interface of the SecureEdge Pro.

#### FTP Server (for demonstration purposes)

- Create an `ftp-server` container using the `ftp-server` image with the following port mappings:

  ```
  Port Mapping: 20-21:20-21/tcp, 40000-40009:40000-40009/tcp
  ```

- This container is only needed for demonstration purposes. In production, use the FTP server on the machine.

- Start the container.

- Refer to the screenshot for configuration details:  
  ![Create Container](ftp-server/create_container.png)

#### FTP to HTTP Service

- Create an `ftp-to-http-service` container using the `ftp-to-http-service` image with the following port mapping:

  ```
  Port Mapping: 5090:5090/tcp
  ```

- Overwrite the default environment variables, for security overwrite at least:

  ```
  FTP_PASSWORD
  ```

- Start the container.

- Refer to the screenshot for configuration details:  
  ![Create Container](ftp-to-http-service/create_container.png)

### 4. Access the FTP File Explorer

- In IXON Cloud, create an HTTP Web Server to easily access the FTP File Explorer on the SecureEdge Pro.

- Refer to the screenshot for configuration details:  
  ![HTTP Server](ixon_cloud_settings/http_server_ftp_file_explorer.png)

### 5. Browsing and Downloading Files

- You can now access the FTP File Explorer on the SecureEdge Pro via the HTTP Web Server you created in IXON Cloud.

- The FTP File Explorer provides a simple web interface to browse the files and directories on the FTP server. Users can click on any file to download it directly to their local machine.
